---
layout: page
published: false
title: exp.md
subtitle: Work Experience
---
										##E X P E R I E N C E
						                                
Instructor @ Mathnasium of Laguna Niguel (October 2018 - Present)
- delivered mathematical instruction to students using the Mathnasium method.
- provided quality customer service through an expert approach that is personal and prescriptive,  		attending to each individual student’s needs. 
- Built students’ confidence and self-esteem through successful encounters and interactions with carefully selected materials. 
- Operated in a Team Teaching environment where collaboration and communication ensure all student needs are addressed. 
- Barista



Barista @ Starbucks at South Coast Plaza, Costa Mesa (April 2018 - October 2018)                   
Le Cafe Du Parc, Irvine (August 2016 - March 2017)			                         	         
- Developed and maintained many individual connections with customers.
- Made coffee, tea, and other drinks to customers specifications.
- Developed the ability to multitask and manage customer orders while maintaining excellent customer service, especially during high-volume periods and special events.
- Answered customers questions and complaints quickly and efficiently.
- Handled cash and card transactions at register. 



Retail Sales Associate UNIQLO USA at South Coast Plaza, Costa Mesa
(June 2017 - October 2017)					
- Welcomed customers and informed them about our weekly promotions and sales.
- Addressed individual customer concerns and inquiries; figuring out the fastest and most efficient solutions. 
- Maintained and replenished the sales floor appearance to Uniqlo Standard.
- Tasked with achieving daily/weekly/monthly sales goals. 
- Handled cash and card transactions at register.

